Take us down
I'm afraid you're going to be disappointed today
The auspicious time has come
Rhododendron, we're on stage.
I'll just sit here and see who dares to touch me
What a big breath
You get off me
This position is the throne of the guest and the host
It symbolizes the supreme separation of powers in the lower kingdom
Non-guest seated person dies
How do you know I'm not a soldier?
If you were the soldier leader, I would be the left hand
What nonsense do you talk to him?
This soldier is under the will of the four warlords
It has become a fact that you are the leader of the army
Since they are hell-bent on death
Then I will fulfill them
Come on, I'll kill him
Kill us
Jianghai look at this
Enter the publicity and listen to the wind
Choose a ring
What is Heaven and War?
Allure City
Turn Honghu Xue Zhizhi slightly
Keiji
Left-handed Lan Xiongtian canonized Rhododendron as the lord of the town
soldier
How is this possible?
How could it be the soldier?
How could this be?
It's not true. He's a soldier
It's not true.
That's not true.
How could this be?